---
id: user-guide
title: User Guide
sidebar_label: User Guide
sidebar_position: 3
---

# User Guide

This End-User Guide provides a detailed explanation of the various functions available in QAT, ranging from forecasting and monitoring to procurement planning. 

Users can reference this guide to learn how to manage programs, enter data, generate reports, and interpret the output generated by the software. 

:::info User Guide
Please download the latest user guide here: [https://www.ghsupplychain.org/sites/default/files/2024-04/QAT-UserGuide.pdf](https://www.ghsupplychain.org/sites/default/files/2024-04/QAT-UserGuide.pdf).
:::

## Key Sections of the User Guide:

- **Introduction**: This section introduces the QAT, explaining its purpose, functionality, target users, and important concepts and terms.
- **Getting Started**: It covers system requirements, hierarchy levels in QAT, user roles and permissions, login instructions, offline work functionality, version updates, and troubleshooting.
- **Helpdesk & Tickets**: Explains how to use the QAT helpdesk for managing user accounts, master data updates, change requests, and reporting bugs.
- **Navigation and Menu Bar**: Guides users through the basic navigation of QAT, explaining the elements of the home screen, top ribbon, sidebar menu, and common buttons used throughout the tool.
- **Changing Language**: Instructions on how to change the display language in QAT, currently supporting English, French, Portuguese, and Spanish.
- **Managing Programs and Versions**: Explains the core actions of downloading, uploading, deleting, importing, and exporting program data in QAT, emphasizing the differences between forecasting and supply planning programs.
- **Supply Planning Module**: 
    - **Program Data**: This section details managing program-level data, including updating program information, mapping procurement agents, managing planning units, and setting up alternate reporting units.
    - **Supply Planning**: Focuses on using the supply planning screen, which brings together consumption, shipment, and inventory data. It explains how to update these data points, understand the stock balance calculations, create and manage shipments, adjust inventory, perform batch management, and utilize the QAT Problem List.
- **Forecasting Module**: 
    - **Program Data**: Explains the forecasting process in QAT, starting with program setup and version settings. It covers managing planning units, equivalency units, and importing/inputting actual consumption data.
    - **Forecasting**: Provides detailed guidance on creating forecasts using both consumption-based and tree-based methods.
    - **Forecast Analysis Output**: Explains how to analyze, compare, and select final forecasts using various QAT screens and reports.