---
id: qat-catalog-updates
title: QAT Catalog Updates
sidebar_label: QAT Catalog Updates
sidebar_position: 4
---

# QAT Catalog Updates

The QAT Catalog is created using the ARTMIS data. The Forecasting Unit, Planning Unit and Procurement Unit are all taken from ARTMIS database. If user changes any one of these data and ARTMIS pushes a new feed, then the former will be replaced by the `feed`. The non-ARTMIS data can be updated by the user on QAT. All Alternate Reporting Units are managed directly on QAT.

### Unit
**Unit** is the unit of measure. QAT checks whether a unit already exists based on the unit name and unit code. If the unit exists, QAT updates the existing record; otherwise, it inserts a new unit. The table below shows the mapping between QAT fields and corresponding ARTMIS fields. 

| QAT Field | ARTMIS Field |
| :---- | :---- |
| Dimension | Eaches |
| Unit Name | product_base_unit/item_uom/item_weight_uom/item_sizemeasure |
| Unit Code | product_base_unit/item_uom/item_weight_uom/item_sizemeasure |


### Tracer Category
**Tracer Category** are a second tier, less broad grouping of product types specific to a Realm. QAT checks whether a tracer category already exists based on the tracer category name. If the tracer category exists, QAT updates the existing record; otherwise, it inserts a new unit. The table below shows the mapping between QAT fields and corresponding ARTMIS fields. 

| QAT Field | ARTMIS Field |
| :---- | :---- |
| Realm | Global Health |
| Tracer Category Name | product_tracer_cat |
| Technical Area | Null |


### Product Category
**Product Category** is a broad category group used to group planning units. QAT checks whether a product Category already exists based on the product category name. If the product category exists, QAT updates the existing record; otherwise, it inserts a new unit. The table below shows the mapping between QAT fields and corresponding ARTMIS fields. 

| QAT Field | ARTMIS Field |
| :---- | :---- |
| Realm | Global Health |
| Product Category Name | commodity_subcat_long_desc |
| Parent Product Category | commodity_council_long_desc |
| Sort Order | Auto generated by QAT |


### Planning Unit
**Planning Unit** is the product to be planned for in QAT. It is a product with full description up to the primary packaging (e.g. bottle of 30 tablets, 10x10 blister pack, etc.). QAT checks whether a Planning Unit already exists based on the SKU Code. If the Planning Unit exists, QAT updates the existing record; otherwise, it inserts a new unit. The table below shows the mapping between QAT fields and corresponding ARTMIS fields. 

| QAT Field | ARTMIS Field |
| :---- | :---- |
| Forecasting Unit | product_name_no_pack |
| Planning Unit Name | product_name |
| SKU Code | product_id |
| Unit | item_uom |
| Conversion Factor | product_base_unit_mult |


### Procurement Agent Planning Unit
**Procurement Agent Planning Unit** is the Mapping between Procurement Agent and Planning Unit. The table below shows the mapping between QAT fields and corresponding ARTMIS fields. 

| QAT Field | ARTMIS Field |
| :---- | :---- |
| Procurement Agent | GHSC-PSM |
| Planning Unit | product_name |
| Catalog Price | wcs_catalog_price |
| MOQ | planning_unit_moq |
| Units per pallet Euro 1 | planning_unit_per_pallet |
| Units per pallet Euro 2 | planning_unit_per_pallet |
| Units per container | planning_unit_per_container |
| Volume | planning_unit_volume_m3 |
| Weight | planning_unit_weight_kg |


### Forecasting Unit
**Forecasting Unit** is the base unit that will be used for a specified forecasting period. e.g. one tablet, one condom, one milliliter. QAT checks whether a Forecasting Unit already exists based on the SKU Code. If the Forecasting Unit exists, QAT updates the existing record; otherwise, it inserts a new unit. The table below shows the mapping between QAT fields and corresponding ARTMIS fields. 

| QAT Field | ARTMIS Field |
| :---- | :---- |
| Realm | Global Health |
| Product Category | Based on commodity_council_long_desc and commodity_subcat_long_desc |
| Tracer Category | product_tracer_cat |
| Generic Name | product_international_nonproprietary_name |
| Forecasting Unit Name | product_name_no_pack |
| Unit | product_base_unit |
| SKU Code | product_id_no_pack |

 
### Procurement Unit
**Procurement Unit** is the product at item level. In other words, it is a higher-level description of the planning unit including supplier-specific attributes. This information will not be visible/selectable by QAT users but will be sent automatically from procurement management systems. QAT checks whether a Procurement Unit already exists based on the SKU Code. If the Procurement Unit exists, QAT updates the existing record; otherwise, it inserts a new unit. The table below shows the mapping between QAT fields and corresponding ARTMIS fields. 

| QAT Field | ARTMIS Field |
| :---- | :---- |
| Planning Unit | product_name |
| Procurement Unit Name | item_name | 
| Unit | item_uom |
| Conversion Factor | 1 |
| Manufacturer | item_supplier_name |
| Width Qty | item_width |
| Height Qty | item_height |
| Length Unit | item_sizemeasure |
| Length Qty | item_length |
| Weight Unit | item_weight_uom |
| Weight Qty | item_weight |
| Volume Unit | Null |
| Volumn Qty | Null |
| Units per case | item_units_per_case |
| Units per pallet Euro 1 | item_num_of_units_pallet |
| Units per pallet Euro 2 | Null |
| Units Per container | units_per_container |
| Labeling | item_label_languages |


### Procurement Agent Procurement Unit
**Procurement Agent Procurement Unit** is the mapping between procurement agent and procurement Unit. The table below shows the mapping between QAT fields and corresponding ARTMIS fields. 

| QAT Field | ARTMIS Field |
| :---- | :---- |
| Procurement Unit | item_name |
| Procurement Agent | GHSC-PSM |
| SKU Code | item_id |
| Vendor Price | wcs_catalog_price |
| Approved to shipped lead time | 3 |
| Gtin | item_manufacturer_gtin_upc |

 
### Manufacturer
**Manufacturer**, QAT checks whether a manufacturer already exists based on the Manufacturer Name. If the Manufacturer exists, QAT updates the existing record; otherwise, it inserts a new unit. The table below shows the mapping between QAT fields and corresponding ARTMIS fields. 

| QAT Field | ARTMIS Field |
| :---- | :---- |
| Realm | Global Health |
| Manufacturer Name | item_supplier_name |

:::warning FIXME ARTMIS Sample files
We need to put the correct files in the location
:::
:::tip ARTMIS Sample files
[ARTMIS Sample files](https://github.com/FASP-QAT/fasp-api/tree/master/docs/Sample%20ARTMIS%20Feeds)
:::